NARRATOR: From deep beneath
the earth they appear.
JOHN RHODES: He encountered
some sort of a creature
lurking back in the dark.
NARRATOR:
Part human...
part serpent.
MICHAEL SALLA:
There are many stories
of people encountering
lizard men or snake people.
NARRATOR: Could the ancient
legends describing snakelike gods
really be true?
RABBI ARIEL BAR TZADOK:
There's always been talk
about a reptilian race.
Whether it's angelic
or extraterrestrial.
NARRATOR:
Could they still be among us,
hiding in plain sight?
DAVID CHILDRESS: Serpent
people are seen coming out
- of these tunnels, right?
- JORGE DELGADO: Yes.
NARRATOR:
And if so,
what is their agenda?
WILLIAM HENRY: Perhaps they're
awaiting a time to arise
to take control of humanity.
NARRATOR:
There is a doorway
in the universe.
Beyond it is
the promise of truth.
It demands
we question everything
we have ever been taught.
The evidence is all around us.
The future is
right before our eyes.
We are not alone.
We have never  been alone.
NARRATOR:
Bethesda, Maryland.
1960.
American neurobiologist
Paul MacLean proposes
a revolutionary model
of human brain anatomy
called the triune brain model.
It distinguishes
evolutionary remnants
of what MacLean refers to...
as the reptilian brain.
Paul MacLean was
a noted neurobiologist
who came up with a,
a model called
the triune brain,
three-part brain.
One part of the brain
was reptilian,
one mammalian, and one primate.
Distinct areas of the brain
with different functions.
The reptilian
was particularly important.
MacLean suggested this was
earlier in evolution,
perhaps the first brain,
and had more primal functions.
Fear, rage.
NARRATOR:
The idea ignites a firestorm
of public interest,
putting into question
conventional theories
about human evolution.
YOUNG:
This was in the 1960s.
And the triune brain
captured the imagination
of the intellectual class.
Even Carl Sagan commented on it.
NARRATOR: Nearly six
decades later in 2018,
reptile neuroscientist
Gilles Laurent
and his team
at the Max Planck Institute
publish a landmark study in
the journal  Science reexamining
the idea of a reptilian
component to the brain.
YOUNG:
Gilles Laurent challenged
MacLean's model
and found the brain
is not so tidy,
the locations are not so clear.
But he also found
there was similarity
in the chemical function
of the reptile brain
and the human brain.
That was unexpected.
NARRATOR:
Evolutionary biologists have
long proposed that many
human traits, including
the amniotic birth sac,
the layering system of our skin,
and even our hearing,
can be traced back
to a common reptilian ancestor.
(growling)
KIRSTEN FISHER:
Many of our features,
like our skin, our teeth,
our hair, our nails,
as things with backbones
in sort of the grand
evolutionary scheme of things,
we're relatively closely related
to modern reptiles.
NARRATOR:
Is it possible that the most
significant advancements
in human development
didn't evolve from primates,
as was proposed
by Charles Darwin,
but from reptiles?
Humans and reptiles
share a lot of traits.
For example, uh, we have
these recessive genes in us
that are expressed on occasion.
When we're in the womb,
we actually have a tail.
And the tail disappears
and it becomes the end
of our vertebrae,
down by the bottom of our back.
Some people are born
and they're actually born
with these tails intact.
NARRATOR:
But while conventional science
appears confounded
by the possibility
of mankind having
a reptilian ancestry,
as far as ancient astronaut
theorists are concerned,
such a profound notion
is not a mystery,
but a confirmation.
And they suggest
that this process is documented
in the various creation stories
found in ancient cultures
throughout the world.
The basic tenet
of the ancient astronaut theory
is manipulation artificially
of genetic material.
We have a fossil record.
There is no doubt in my mind
that there are hominid ancestors
before  Homo sapiens sapiens
made it.
But in my opinion,
the missing link
has not been found
because the missing link is the
extraterrestrial intervention
of our genetic makeup.
HENRY:
This fits perfectly
with ancient creation
mythologies.
That is, that reptilian beings
came to Earth
and manipulated human DNA
and made us in their image.
NARRATOR:
According to many
ancient astronaut theorists,
extraterrestrials manipulated
the genetic makeup
of existing primates
on Earth to create
what are considered
modern-day humans.
It is this genetic manipulation
that helps to explain
mankind's unique intelligence.
And why humans are different
from other animals
in their use of music,
language, poetry and art
as a means of expressing
themselves.
One of the key figures
written about
on the ancient
Sumerian tablets is Enki,
who they labeled the god
of smithcraft and alchemy,
and also suggest as a figure who
knew the secrets of human DNA.
For they credit him
with the transformation
or fashioning of the human body.
Very interestingly,
Enki is portrayed
as a half-human,
half-serpent being.
He's referred
to as a serpentine god.
A reptilian being.
Stories of reptilians appear
in many different cultures.
In the Vedic culture, we have
the stories of the nagas.
We have stories of reptilians,
of course,
in the Garden of Eden.
We have stories of reptilians
in the Mesoamerican cultures,
like the Incas and the Mayans.
Divine serpents
are unusually universal.
There are examples
from Mesopotamia,
from India, China, Japan,
and in the Americas,
both South America
and Central America.
SALLA: Different cultures
refer to reptilian beings
as beings that were
helping humanity acquire
technologies at a, at a point
in their evolution when
we were really starting out.
DOMINIC STEAVU:
In early China, the founders
were considered
to have been semidivine
and, in some cases,
fully divine beings.
Very often they were
half-snake and half-human.
HENRY: The ancient Egyptian god
Sobek is a crocodile-like deity
who is credited
by the ancient Egyptians
with creating the world.
In portrayals at the temples
dedicated to him,
he's portrayed as a human
with the head of a crocodile,
who emerged from the
original waters of creation
to create humanity.
NARRATOR:
Is it possible
that the many ancient stories
of human beings
created by serpentlike gods
are inspired by actual events?
Ancient astronaut theorists
say yes
and point
to archaeological evidence
that supports this very idea.
In 1923, British archaeologist
Sir Leonard Woolley
excavated one of the oldest
agricultural communities
in the world,
the Sumerian city of Ur,
where the ancient Sumer people
worshipped the serpent god Enki.
Among the remains he discovered
some unusual clay artifacts,
some dating as far back
as 4000 BC.
One of the most
amazing discoveries
were the figurines
that were uncovered.
They were these humanoid figures
with, for all intents
and purposes, heads of reptiles.
They look like snake people.
And you even have a motif
where this person
is holding and breastfeeding
a humanoid baby.
So, are they trying
to show to us
that these are perhaps
the creator gods?
And if you look at Enki and
some of the depictions of him,
you can see him with scaly skin.
All theories abound as to what
these statues represent,
but, to me, they represent
possibly Sumerian gods,
the Anunnaki.
Enki, too, shows
these characteristics.
We have to wonder if this isn't
a god that wasn't visiting
just ancient Sumer,
but other cultures
around the world as well.
NARRATOR: Do the strange statues
unearthed in the city of Ur
represent extraterrestrials
that came to Earth
in the distant past?
And, if so, could this provide
further evidence
that extraterrestrials
used reptile DNA
in their genetic manipulation
of what is now the human race?
Ancient astronaut theorists
suggest
that further evidence
can be found,
not only by excavating ancient
sites like the city of Ur,
but by looking
deep beneath the earth
and at a place located
thousands of miles away.
NARRATOR:
Vietnam.
Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park.
Located deep within
the Southeast Asian jungles
is the world's largest
cave system, the Son Doong Cave.
HENRY:
It's three million years old,
650 feet high, 550 feet wide,
and extends in an astounding
three miles into the earth.
It actually has its own
ecosystem, with a jungle
and even a lake inside of it.
RHODES: When the cave
was first discovered,
there was a Vietnamese logger
who was doing illegal logging
in the area.
He discovered the cave
and then encountered
some sort of a creature
that looked like a dragon
humanoid being.
NARRATOR: Since the site was
opened to the public in 2013,
there have been multiple
eyewitness accounts
of a reptilelike humanoid
in and around the area.
According to UFO investigators,
the Son Doong reports
are just the latest
in the increasing number
of reptoid sightings in remote
areas with known cave systems.
There are many stories of people
encountering lizard men
or snake people
who might be in caves
or who might be near a cave
on the surface
just walking around.
And those unfortunate enough
to stumble across
these reptilians are terrified
because the reptilians
can be very aggressive.
NARRATOR: Is it possible
that the Son Doong Caves
are home to a race of reptile
beings living beneath our feet?
As far as ancient astronaut
theorists are concerned,
such a bizarre notion
is entirely possible.
In fact, encounters with these
creatures have become so common
that the UFO community
now has a name for them:
The reptilians.
RHODES: Reptilian humanoids,
or reptoids, are described as being
beings that are about
seven to eight feet tall,
they have a humanoid structure,
their skin is either beaded
like a lizard
or either scaled like a snake.
NARRATOR: In addition to Southeast
Asia, another location
where reptilian sightings
have been reported
is the area of Cuzco, Peru,
high in the Andes Mountains.
According to the stories
of the Inca
and the even more ancient
cultures that preceded them,
a race of reptilian beings
once inhabited this land.
They even built some
of the massive stone structures
that still exist here today.
In April 2019,
ancient astronaut theorist
David Hatcher Childress
and researcher Hugh Newman
traveled to Cuzco
to investigate
a possible connection
between the ancient stories
of reptilians
and sightings of these creatures
that have been reported
in the last few years.
Joining them as their guide
is Jorge Luis Delgado,
an expert on the native
Andean civilizations.
CHILDRESS:
You know, Peru in general
is just so full of mystery.
To me it's really the land of
the unexplained and adventure.
I never get tired
of coming here,
and-and I... there's always
something new to see,
- some new incredible mystery to find.
- Yeah. No, I agree.
I mean, you-you've not only got
the megalithic temple,
you've got Machu Picchu,
Cuzco and other sites,
you've got Nazca.
You've got all these mysterious
underground tunnels
that stretch across the country.
All these amazing myths
and legends
relating to these serpent gods.
So there's something really
special about this place.
NARRATOR: The sprawling
fortress of Sacsayhuamán
covers more
than 11 square miles,
and is filled with some
of the most perplexing
megalithic constructions
in the world.
CHILDRESS:
They're all unique.
Each one is unique
but so perfectly cut
and fitted together.
It's always astonishing
to see it.
NARRATOR:
These ancient walls
are built with unusually-shaped
stone blocks.
Often weighing
thousands of pounds,
they are cut so precisely,
they fit together
without the need of mortar.
Mainstream historians date
the megalithic fortress
to the 12th century AD,
and credit its construction
to a pre-Incan civilization
called the Killke.
However, a growing body
of evidence suggests
that the structures may actually
predate the Killke
and belong
to an even older civilization.
A civilization that, according
to ancient astronaut theorists,
may have been
not entirely human.
NEWMAN:
Oh, wow, look at this.
- All right, so...
- That's the one, isn't it?
Yeah. Is this the stone
you were talking about, then?
Where... So, this is a serpent.
This is, what, the head
of the serpent here?
- DELGADO: It goes around.
- NEWMAN: And how far does it go?
And can you see the tail on it?
CHILDRESS: So,
you're saying that the builders
are purposely putting a serpent
into the walls here.
But is it the serpent people
who are building this?
Are they showing that
we are the serpent people,
and we are the builders?
NARRATOR:
The stonework serpent
is just one
of many found embedded
within the constructions
of the walls around Cuzco.
Might these depictions
suggest a connection
at the megalithic site
with snakelike beings?
Incredibly,
ancient megalithic walls
that are nearly identical
to those in Peru
have been discovered in nearly
every part of the globe.
The ancient ruins
of Thera in Greece.
The Valley Temple in Egypt.
The Gympie Pyramid in Australia.
Ahu Vinapu on Easter Island.
Is it possible that
these massive stone walls,
and others like them,
all share a common architect?
All over the world,
there are traditions
of the serpent people.
Now, these were master
megalithic stonemasons,
and I believe this is
where this high knowledge,
this megalithic construction,
emerged from and then spread
around the world.
Throughout Peru and the Andes,
there are many, many legends
of tunnels,
underground chambers.
And the Peruvians
themselves believe
that this underground
tunnel system
has something to do
with these serpent deities,
which they call the Amaru there.
- So, this is the entrance.
- Wow, look at that.
- Oh, wow. Look at that.
- DELGADO: Beautiful carvings.
CHILDRESS: Wow,
look at these high ceilings here.
NEWMAN:
Yeah.
CHILDRESS: There's another shelf.
Watch your step right here.
Here's another side tunnel
right there.
NEWMAN:
Oh, yeah.
It must be carved out as well,
isn't it?
Looks like, yeah.
Do you think this is
one of the tunnels,
side tunnels
that might lead deeper
into this underground city
of the Amarus?
Sometimes people are seen coming
out of these tunnels, right?
I-I mean you're saying spirits,
but also
people as well, right?
CHILDRESS:
Do they have a-a serpentlike
appearance?
Do they look,
they look like serpents?
NARRATOR: Is it possible that a race
of reptilian humanoids still exists
somewhere deep underground?
But if so, why haven't they made
their presence known?
Ancient astronaut theorists
suggest that, according
to sacred texts,
the answer is clear.
It is because
they were once banished
from the face of the earth.
NARRATOR:
Southern India.
In the province of Kerala
stands the Mannarasala Temple.
Within this compound
are more than 30,000
stone snake idols and images.
The temple is dedicated to Lord
Nagaraja, the king of the naga,
who, according to local legend,
still resides
at the temple today.
In the Hindu tradition,
the naga are semidivine beings,
half human and half cobra.
STEAVU:
The nagas are often depicted
as either snakes,
cobras primarily,
or half human
and half reptilian beings.
Usually the lower part of the
body will be that of a snake,
and the upper part
will be that of a human.
They're closely associated
with the subterranean
underground cities
that are, in many ways,
parallel worlds
to the world above ground.
They populate these subterranean
realms in very large numbers.
NARRATOR:
According to Hindu mythology,
the naga were driven underground
by the god Vishnu.
Curiously, a similar story
can be found
in ancient Hebrew texts.
Numerous biblical
accounts suggest
that although Adam and Eve are
the first humans created by God,
they were not the first
to dwell upon the Earth.
The Adamic race,
as recorded in the Bible,
was not the first race on Earth.
There were pre-Adamic
civilizations.
The pre-Adamic civilizations
has a history
which we do not know.
NARRATOR: A race that walked
the Earth before Adam and Eve?
Might this be
the reptilian-like beings
mentioned in ancient texts?
Ancient astronaut theorists
suggest
that the serpent
in the Garden of Eden
may be the key
to solving the mystery.
There have always been talk
about a reptilian race,
whether it's angelic
or extraterrestrial.
Most people will look towards
the example in Genesis
with the serpent.
Ancient legend tells us that the
serpent in the Garden of Eden
was actually a humanoid form.
It stood erect,
had arms, it had legs,
and clearly it spoke,
as we know from biblical record.
NARRATOR: According to
the Book of Genesis,
this reptilian figure's
interference with mankind
leads to him being punished
by God.
TZADOK:
Genesis, chapter one, verse two
states
that the world was in chaos.
It indicates to us,
very possibly,
a pre-Adamic war
amongst civilizations.
We find echoes of this
in literature,
both in our Judaic traditions,
as well as in literature
from around the world.
I don't think we should be
so quick to dismiss these things
in light of archaeological
discoveries.
In the story of the serpent
being punished,
we seem to have
literary evidence
of an extraterrestrial battle
or war going on.
NARRATOR:
An extraterrestrial battle?
Ancient astronaut theorists
suggest
that not only
did such a war occur,
but physical evidence of this
can be found across the globe.
In Cuzco, Peru,
local Andean expert
and guide Jorge Delgado
is taking David Childress
and Hugh Newman
to one of the most curious sites
in the city.
Wow.
NEWMAN:
That is incredible.
Yeah.
NARRATOR:
Inexplicably,
this megalithic stone appears
to have been toppled over
180 degrees.
Legend says it was displaced
during a great cataclysm.
NEWMAN:
It's incredible.
CHILDRESS:
Hugh, have you seen evidence
of cataclysms like this
in some of your journeys?
Well, I mean,
at Tiahuanaco and Puma Punku.
It looks like a tidal wave
has hit the site from the lake.
We have the vitrified forts
in Scotland for instance,
which show extreme heating,
like some kind of solar flare.
CHILDRESS:
And the Hittite cities in, uh,
- Turkey and stuff like that.
- NEWMAN: Yeah.
CHILDRESS: Places where
it looks like some missile
or some giant explosion
has just blown up
these megalithic towers
and walls.
NARRATOR:
Missiles?
Gigantic explosions?
Might this be physical evidence
of a devastating war
fought between groups
of extraterrestrials?
Stories of ancient battles
between supernatural beings
can be found in sacred texts
throughout the world.
In Greek mythology,
there are destructive battles
between Zeus and Typhon,
a monster described as having
coiled serpent legs.
The ancient Egyptians had tales
of unending battles
between the sun god Ra and Apep,
the serpent deity
of the underworld.
Curiously,
in each of these accounts,
the losing party is represented
by a serpent or dragon.
HENRY: In the stories of the
battles between the gods,
we learn of a battle
between extraterrestrial forces,
some described as reptilians.
What happened to those
reptilian beings?
Well, they're banished
to the interior of the Earth.
You're saying there's
extraterrestrial races,
and this stone is evidence
of this extraterrestrial war
and some cataclysms
that were happening.
Okay, it's upside down,
- the war, this cataclysm.
- DELGADO: Exactly.
NARRATOR: If an ancient extraterrestrial
war took place on Earth,
what was it fought over?
Some ancient astronaut theorists
suggest the participants
may have had conflicting agendas
for humanity,
and that the ultimate outcome
has not yet been determined.
NARRATOR:
Scottsdale, Arizona.
February 2018.
Thousands descend on this small
desert community to attend
the 27th annual
International UFO Congress.
The event offers UFO researchers
an opportunity
to not only share the latest
developments in the field,
but also to hear from people
who believe
they have come into contact
with extraterrestrials.
Over the course
of the five-day event,
attendees describe encounters
with alien beings
that take a variety
of physical forms.
There seem to be
three categories
of organic alien beings
that have been interacting
with humanity.
You have your reptilian types,
you have what we describe
as the Nordics,
and then you have the Greys.
These types of descriptions
appear over and over again
in various mythic
and historical traditions.
NARRATOR: Do the accounts
of modern-day encounters
with extraterrestrials
support the notion
that the reptilians are just one
of numerous alien races
that have been influencing
events on Earth,
dating back thousands of years?
And if so, do they each have
their own agenda for humankind?
Clearly what we are
being told here is that,
in the ancient times, there was
a battle for control over Earth
and indeed the destiny
of humanity.
CHILDRESS: Ancient astronaut
theorists often think that there were
several kinds
of extraterrestrials
who were coming to the planet...
and fighting wars
over which extraterrestrial race
would nurture humans
and bring them along
to the point where they are now.
MARTELL: The idea that there's
been warring factions of E.T.s
trying to have control
over the human race
or the world in general
goes way into the past.
We have to wonder
if they weren't all
doing genetic experimentation.
NARRATOR: If human DNA was
manipulated by extraterrestrials,
as ancient astronaut
theorists suggest,
might this have been done
by various alien races?
CHILDRESS: A number of abductees
have claimed that they've been
subjected to genetic experiments
by reptilian aliens who are
looking at them and their DNA
for ongoing research
of creating, s-say,
a future human.
It seems reasonable
to assume that,
if we human beings are now
experimenting with animals,
doing genetic experiments,
that if we have
a higher culture to us,
scientifically,
an older culture,
they may have been drawing us in
as their experimental,
uh, stock.
Could Earth have been actually
populated a long time ago
as an actual zoo?
In other words, could we have
other alien beings always
coming down to Earth because
Earth is their science workshop?
NARRATOR: As far as ancient
astronaut theorists are concerned,
a growing body
of evidence suggests,
not only that multiple races
of extraterrestrials
have a presence on the Earth,
but that there may be government
officials who are aware of them.
LINDA MOULTON HOWE:
In December 1999,
a man was retiring from
the Defense Intelligence Agency
and told me his job
for 23 years was to monitor
and analyze competing
extraterrestrial
territorial conflicts
on planet Earth.
The D.I.A. guy said,
"Our government has proof that
"three competing
extraterrestrial civilizations
"have been mixing and matching
genes on this planet,
"using this as a laboratory
for at least 270 million years."
The human race is not
a pure human species.
It is part reptilian,
it is part other
extraterrestrial.
I believe it started
with a group of the reptilian
type beings that began
this experiment
with DNA manipulation.
At that time, other groups
of nonhuman
extraterrestrial beings
wanted to also participate
in this experiment.
With time,
those different factions
started to not see eye to eye.
That is the reason why
we hear about stories
where there's wars in the sky.
There are those that believe
that the reptilian beings
were banished
to an interior part
of the Earth,
and that perhaps
they're awaiting
a time such as today
for them to, once again,
arise to take control
of humanity.
NARRATOR: If reptilian
extraterrestrials were responsible
for the creation
of the first humans
and were later forced
to retreat beneath the earth
by other alien races,
will they continue
to remain in hiding?
Or, based on the growing number
of recent sightings,
are they preparing to reemerge?
Perhaps further clues
can be found by examining
a secret underground
Air Force base
where some
have reported encounters...
with reptilians.
NARRATOR:
Dulce, New Mexico.
This unassuming town
has been home
to the Jicarilla Apache
Indian tribe
for over six centuries.
Jicarilla Apache folklore
is filled with stories
of interactions
with star people,
including lizard and ant men
they describe
as living underground.
To them, those star people
are as active and interactive
with the planet now
as they ever have been.
It was Western civilization
that ran by and buried
the whole issue
of extraterrestrials
and reptiles as mythological.
But it is the Jicarilla Apaches
in Dulce
who will also tell you
that they know
that there are some type
of beings that are underground
in Dulce, and that the keys
are Mount Archuleta
and Archuleta Mesa.
And below those two,
there are deep underground bases
that have been operated
by some form
of reptilian-related being
for centuries.
NARRATOR: According to
government insiders,
located nearly two miles
beneath the surface
is indeed a secret subterranean
military base
known as the
Dulce Air Force Base.
The base is rumored to extend
seven levels underground,
with the lowest levels occupied
by extraterrestrial species.
Whistle-blower Phil Schneider
claimed to have worked
on the construction
of these deep, underground
military bases
for the U.S. government.
Phil Schneider was
a very interesting geologist
used by the U.S. government
to do excavations of large areas
under military contract,
where they were essentially
going to be building
large caverns
and connecting
underground passageways.
NARRATOR: On May 8, 1995,
Schneider gave a presentation
in Post Falls, Idaho
and claimed he was attacked
by extraterrestrials
deep underground.
NARRATOR: According to Phil,
at the time of his encounter,
his team had been contracted
to create an addition
to the existing Dulce
underground base.
They were drilling holes deep
into the ground
and using explosives
to create caverns...
when they encountered numerous
Grey and reptilian aliens.
NARRATOR: Phil Schneider
later described learning about
genetic experiments conducted by
the same extraterrestrial beings
he encountered
at Dulce Air Force Base.
But sadly, he would never
get the chance
to provide further information.
Just eight months after his
presentation in Post Falls,
Philip Schneider was found dead
in his apartment
with rubber tubing
wrapped around his neck.
- (siren wailing) - Those who
knew him best were shocked
when his death was ruled
a suicide, and many insisted
this was a cover story...
for an assassination.
Part of what I'm going
to tell you
is going to be very shocking.
SALLA: If people had learned
of what Phil Schneider
was revealing,
they would have understood
that there had been
agreements reached
between the U.S. government
and some of these
extraterrestrial civilizations.
And that there were
many individuals
that were abducted
and being subjected
to all kinds
of human experimentation
at the Dulce base.
NARRATOR: Did Phil
Schneider encounter the same
reptilian extraterrestrials
that the Inca credited
with creating underground cities
in the Southern Highlands
of Peru hundreds of years ago?
Some ancient astronaut theorists
suggest that not only
are extraterrestrials
working with the government...
they have infiltrated society
at the highest levels.
MARTELL: One of the other
theories in the field of ufology
is that the reptilian presence
is actually active today,
and that they've
concealed themselves
by taking more of a human form,
but have infiltrated
many world governments
or top world positions.
We have to wonder if there isn't
some type of an agenda,
once again, taking place where
they're letting
their presence be known.
NARRATOR: Might the stories of
reptilians hiding amongst us
be true?
And if so, to what end?
Some believe that not only are
they trying to influence
the course of humanity,
they are creating
a superior species
of human-alien hybrids.
NARRATOR:
Hove, England. 2008.
In the middle of the night,
20-year-old
Charmaine D'Rozario-Saytch
is sleeping in bed
when she awakens
to a frightening sight...
a reptilian humanoid
staring down at her.
D'ROZARIO-SAYTCH:
I woke up.
A reptilian came into the room.
We went to an underground cave.
There was a group
of reptilians there,
and they stood round me
in a circle.
Each one of them put one hand
on my body.
And I slowly changed.
And it was the most amazing
but also sort of
bizarre situation
to, to look down at your body
and see it morph
from your human form
into a reptilian form.
To see the skin shift
from being smooth into scales.
And to find that I had a tail.
NARRATOR: Could Charmaine's
incredible story be true?
Was she really transformed
into a reptilian-human hybrid?
Charmaine claims she learned
from her abductors
that all humans today
are byproducts
of alien genetic manipulation...
some more than others.
D'ROZARIO-SAYTCH: At certain
points in our history,
different E.T. races
have come to this planet,
and they have not manipulated
all of humanity,
but certain groups.
HOWE: The reason an agenda
for alien intelligences
to be on this planet,
manipulating humans and animals,
is because...
there are wars out there
between different types
of intelligences
about territory.
And that those territorial wars
involve
populations
of created and manipulated life.
NARRATOR: If reptilian
extraterrestrials have inhabited Earth
for thousands of years,
are they content to continue
hiding out underground?
Or is the day fast approaching
where they will step out
of the shadows
and announce their presence
once again?
TSOUKALOS: The Christians are
waiting for the return of Jesus.
The Jews are waiting
for the return of the Messiah.
The Islamic community is waiting
for the return of Muhammad.
The idea of this return
did not originate
with any of those
religious figures,
but it, in fact, originated
with the promise
by extraterrestrials
that they would return
in the future.
Tradition tells us that the army
of the Messiah
is not to come from heaven,
but is to arise
from inner Earth,
and therefore dominate
the surface world.
CHILDRESS: Perhaps we are now
at this special turning point
in, in our history
and the timeline of planet Earth
where the reptilians
and the other extraterrestrials
will announce themselves.
NARRATOR: Could evidence of
secret underground cities,
combined with recent accounts
of encounters
with so-called reptilian
creatures, be preparing us
to accept a profoundly different
genetic truth
than the one
we have been taught?
That mankind didn't only evolve
from a race of primates,
but also from a race
of reptiles...
whose genes were spliced
into our own
by means of extraterrestrial
manipulation?
If true, such a revelation
would revolutionize everything
we have come to believe
about our existence
on this planet.
But it may also lead
to a profound understanding
not only about mankind's past
but about its future.